Support us and become VIP member
to remove all ads from www.OpenSubtitles.org
Any sign of them?
Shall we continue south. Arkaan?
The other hunters will all head south.
We shall go west.
Thank you all for joining me.
I have discovered
something very interesting.
We. we discovered.
This is it.
The answer to our problems.
Wow.
A treasure map?
And I thought Flynn was
the only one playing prospector.
Actually. I--
It's not just any
treasure. this is Oleg's keep.
The mountain fortress of
the last king of the dwarves.
Please.
That place has been picked and
pillaged by fortune hunters for centuries.
But no one. not even me.
has ever found the real prize.
The legendary crown of King Oleg himself.
Because none of us knew about this.
Pretty cool. huh?
You found a secret underground vault.
I must say I'm impressed. Calibor.
I found it. actually.
With this treasure. I can trade
for all the maro the void key requires.
We. we. can
trade it. because I found it.
And you really believe
that your Uzek friend will deliver?
The pirate and gambling fiend.
Pirates. yes. gambler. absolutely.
But unlike most
Uzeks. once his word is given.
Riplakish always comes through.
Not always how you
think. but he gets it done.
And that'll be enough
maro to get us home. right?
All of us.
It will be more than enough
to get you three back to your world.
And me. along with you.
to ensure the Skull is destroyed.
For good.
Sure. okay. you had me at.
we get to go home. so...
Where is this keep?
The northern kipch.
The northern kingdom.
Hey. dude. Calibor is
trying to explain to us his plan. okay?
I know. it's just that...
The northern
kingdom is a three-day journey.
I'll head into Tyr-Valen
today to arrange supplies.
I'll inform the clerics that
tonight will be our last at Tyr-Valen.
We'll leave tomorrow at dawn.
Well done. Calibor.
Thank you so much.
You're the man.
What is your problem?
Hello?
No big deal. just me being legendary.
I'm a little lost.
but you know I'm not afraid.
All my life got crossed.
and I will never be the same.
And now we're all a little
lost. but you know I'm not afraid.
Yesterday I was just fooling
around. Today. you're going down.
Ah. right in the hand.
So when did you stop
letting him beat the snot out of you?
Oh. hey. I'm just going easy on him.
You know. I don't want to poke
the bear. You know. literally.
Is this true?
Because Kavan was
also going easy on Cash.
Seriously?
Kavan will now use full strength.
Oh. wow. Yeah. great. you do that.
Kavan. please try
not to kill him.
This is how Kavan's
clan trains small children.
It's time to show you
how it's done in my world.
Bottom of the ninth. let's play ball.
This is not how Kavan
taught you to hold your weapon.
Yeah. well. so far
your instructions get me cooked.
I had a homer against
Fairview like last year with this grip.
so why don't I
just stick with what I know?
Who is this homer exactly that you hit?
It's baseball. I play in the off-season.
He's just trying to impress you.
Oh. yeah.
Come at me. bro.
Kavan begs you to hold your weapon like an
actual warrior. Bro.
Don't bro me. bro.
Okay. I got a
bigger swing radius this way.
That might not compute in.
like. your little barbarian brain.
But you're just going to have to
learn the hard way.
Oh!
Whoa
Aurora. how about some
of that magic healing touch?
Everything hurts so bad.
Alleviating mere
discomfort is a waste of maro.
Yeah. walk it off. slugger.
None of this makes any sense.
I should be great at this.
How exactly?
Because I'm good at everything.
I'm sorry.
Well. everything I try at--
it's not just sports. I get good grades.
I got the lead in the play.
No. no. no. no.
Look. the teachers give you good grades
because they can't be the reason
that Mr. Football gets cut from the team.
And the only reason
you got Danny Zuko in Greece
is because you
slumming it puts butts in seats.
It's not the right day to mess with me.
You are messing with me. right?
Look. sports are easy for you.
Everything else is only easy for you
because the people
around you make it easy on you.
In this world. no one
even knows what a football is.
That's not-- no.
No. no. no. no.
Oh. no.
Oh. no. no. no.
That's it. I'm out. I'm out.
Out? Seriously?
Yeah. it's time for
a break from all of this.
I'll be in town
with Calibor if you need me.
So the first thing that doesn't
come naturally to you. you what. quit?
Does it even matter?
We already have Kavan.
He's the real warrior.
Like. who says you need me anyways?
Just a mystical prophecy. no big.
Yo. Calibor.
What just happened?
I broke the guy.
It's okay. He'll come around.
First door on the right.
Hey!
Do we need to get her some aspirin?
Or a straight jacket or something?
I have no idea.
Everything she does freaks me out.
I'm just as clueless about her as you are.
Doubt it.
You were pretty obsessed
with her yesterday on the field.
before the game got canceled.
I know. It's all weird.
but it's not like that.
Look. I've just been
trying to figure her out.
I mean. figure out what she's doing.
Zaya is not my--
Stop. Stop. You're
making it so much worse.
Okay. listen. Whatever
Zaya is. she is your problem.
So if she barfs in my car.
you are personally
detailing every inch of it.
Found it!
What is--
What is wrong with you?
Found it. Found what?
Inside the fortress.
there is a locked door.
Behind that is a
collection of confiscated objects.
Confiscated objects?
Like an evidence room?
Inside the room is the object
we need to bring your brother home.
Hi. Home from where exactly?
Uh. let's not get into
that right now. It's a whole thing.
So how do we get this object?
Not we. Darryl. It must be you.
Hey!
Wait! I'm coming with you guys.
Absolutely not. One
of you is torture enough.
Look. the only reason Cash is coming
is because Oaklee
dropped a truth bomb on him.
and he's having an existential crisis.
Like he said. You're not invited.
I found the map. I should
be helping you guys make this plan.
Help would imply
you have something to offer.
I've beaten Skyrim.
the Witcher. Elden Ring.
I have more tomb raid
and dungeon crawl experience
than any one here.
Oleg's Keep has
neither a tomb nor a dungeon.
Then teach me. I gotta
learn from the best. right?
I should be shadowing my
mentor's every move.
You're right. You should.
If I didn't think you were
ready for a mission of your own.
You serious?
Very. I have a quest that only you. my
esteemed apprentice. can accomplish.
Done. Name it.
Oh. sorry.
It requires many items that
cannot be procured in the village.
so they must be tracked
down right here at the sanctuary.
So you want me to
steal these from the clerics?
Ah. steal. Such an ugly word. Borrow.
There'll be payment
enough once we get the treasure.
Besides. it's for the greater good.
The greater good?
Indeed.
Unless you think
it's too difficult a task.
No. no. no. Thank you for this.
I won't let you down. boss.
Off you go. then.
Okay. Darryl. You got this.
You're not crazy.
Just follow the instructions.
and things will work out.
Just like with Wally and Libby.
I can't give you any
information. It has to be a parent.
Look. Sheriff Williams
said he'd be in touch with updates.
but we haven't heard a thing.
I understand. but like I said.
he's not in the office right now.
Have your mom give
him a call and check in.
Ah. okay. Thanks.
Also. can I use your bathroom?
We have a bathroom. It's not public.
Please!
Down the hall. third door on the right.
What is this?
It's my phone.
Do you not have a phone?
I mean. here. look. you
can like take pictures on it.
If you want. we could like take a selfie.
A selfie?
So it's like. here. look.
So you turn the
camera this way. and then see.
See. that's you. and then we smile.
And then like.
like. like cute. like. hmm.
Yeah. yeah. there you go.
Oh. I look really good in that one.
What?
Better start talking. kid.
Wait. I--oh.
Sorry?
Oh. come on. guys. I swear.
I was just looking for the bathroom.
Oh. hey. there it is. Can I go now?
It's all a misunderstanding.
You can explain it to your
mom when she comes to bail you out.
Don't call my mom.
Hey. Are you kidding me?
Lasadh.
Try again. Oaklee.
This time. use less maro.
Focus.
Lasadh.
Too much maro.
Still?
I only used. like. three tiny specks.
A single grain can light a bonfire.
Maybe for you.
I didn't think this was gonna be so hard.
We walk before we run.
And we do not run in the sanctuary.
I'm sorry. sister. I'm just
on a top-secret mission from Calibor.
What is all that?
I can't. I said too much already.
What I can tell you is it is
vital that I outsmart the larder lady.
Our raid on Oleg's Keep depends on it.
I was never here.
I'm so glad I have no
idea what he means by that.
Focus. Oaklee. This here is
the last of your maro for the day.
Your necklace.
I've seen the symbols
in some of the books here.
What's it mean?
It's difficult to put into words.
but it represents our faith.
Faith in what?
Faith in life. Faith that even though we
struggle between darkness and light.
we are working
together toward the greatest good.
Doesn't that seem a little naive?
Do not mistake cynicism for wisdom.
Sometimes the long
journey to understanding takes
you right back to
what you knew in the beginning.
Yeah. well. I leave tomorrow and
I already know how to light a candle.
And I'm not sure when
or if I'm gonna see you again.
so there has got to be something else you
can teach me before I go.
Very well.
Here. what is it?
Watch closely.
Séideadh.
Blowing out a candle. Thrilling.
Lasadh.
Go on. Your turn.
Séideadh.
Too much maro.
Again.
Stay close.
This town has no love for Vedric. but no
doubt he’s put out a bounty on our heads
which means he has eyes everywhere.
Trust no one. Got it. So what's next?
You meeting someone?
You're meeting someone.
My business is elsewhere in town.
I'm meeting someone?
Wait. what?
Cash. meet Runa.
Yo.
I'll be back before sunset.
The boy drinks water only.
Wait. you got me a babysitter?
I'm not familiar with that word.
but you are essentially a helpless baby.
and if you don't behave.
I approve of her sitting on you. So yes.
Babysitter. sounds correct.
Ah. man. not cool.
Stay out of trouble. Lie low.
Don't let Runa talk you
into a game of chance. She cheats.
I do.
Please. just listen.
This is all Zaya's fault.
And unlike you guys. I'm actually
trying to find my brother.
All right. yeah.
We got it all down in your statement.
Convincing stuff.
You'll never find your brother.
Especially if you listen to Zaya.
Officer. I can't be in here.
This man tried to kill me.
Officer!
Who are you? And what
have you done with my brother?
That's it.
♪ Tommy used to work on the docks. ♪
♪ union's been on strike ♪
♪ He's down on his luck. it's tough. ♪
♪ so tough ♪
♪ We've gotta hold on to what we've got ♪
♪ It doesn't make a difference
if we make it or not ♪
♪ We've got each other
and that's a lot for love ♪
♪ We'll give it a shot ♪
♪ Whoa. we're half way there ♪
♪ Whoa. Oh. Living on a prayer. ♪
You didn't tell me the boy is a bard.
♪ I swear. ♪
♪ Oh! Living on a prayer. ♪
♪ Living on a prayer. ♪
Thank you. Thank you.
That was a little ditty I
wrote dedicated to my gal. Runa.
Runa! Give it up for Runa!
Are you mad? I told you to
lie down and keep out of trouble.
No. this is what got me out of trouble.
You see. I bumped into this
huge. killer hairy guy. Thraxus.
He's like the bouncer here.
I spilled his mead so he was raging.
I didn't have any
money by Thraxus' new drink.
So I asked Ulfr.
he's like the owner. right?
If I could earn a quick
few bucks by singing a song.
And I kind of got up here
and I started playing for my life.
Like. for real.
And I started with
some easy hits. you know?
some Lewis Capaldi. little Ed Sheeran.
From what little... I understand every
detail of this story was a terrible idea.
No. no. no. They were
vibing with Castle on the Hill.
But then I pulled out some
bangers from my dad's old playlist.
A little Guns N' Roses. some
Bon Jovi. and man. they went nuts.
And you! Where were you for all of this?
Runa is my manager.
She gets 10% of what I make.
Half.
Did you not understand what I said?
Vedric has eyes everywhere.
Come on. You gotta relax. Calibro.
Calibro?
I know Vedric has
eyes everywhere. but...
I have the hearts.
Okay. these thugs love me.
Just be quiet.
You can't blame a little
Bon Jovi. Just blew their mind.
- Psh.
- Okay.
I have the supplies.
so let's get back to the sanctuary.
Yeah. it's gonna have to be a pass.
I'm not going.
Ulfr says my room and
meals are comped if I keep playing.
It's like having my own
Las Vegas residency.
To be clear. you used to stay
here rather than pursue the crown of Oleg.
I know I'm the chosen warrior.
but Oaklee made
me realize that our
team is more than covered.
So just swing by and pick me up on
your way back from Oleg's dungeon thing.
This is where I belong.
Best of luck to you.
You could have at least pretended
to be disappointed. Super hurtful!
All right. the bard is back!
And that was the last
I saw of those three whelps.
Flynn and his
buddies didn't just disappear.
They're not in another world
and there's no such thing as magic.
They used my void key.
And what did you do?
Attack them with that sword?
I swear by the seven stars of
the Aishi. I laid not a finger upon them.
It was I who was
wronged by your thieving brother.
Fine.
Then where is my thieving brother?
And don't say across the stars.
Across the stars.
It's the same stupid story Zaya told me.
She may see the future. but she will
distort the truth to serve her own ends.
Tell me about it.
She totally set me up. That's the
whole reason I'm in here.
Zaya always has a reason.
She of the inner eye cannot be trusted.
Okay. Just level with me though.
This is all some kind of
dorky game. right? Like a LARPing thing?
You and Zaya know Flynn
through Discord or something?
There is discord
only between Zaya and me.
Your brother is
merely a pawn in her game.
So it is all a game?
There is no game. You
humans are so small minded.
Your world is so full of wonders. yet you
cannot believe in the power of magic.
I have a spell
that could crush your head.
Well. if magic is real. why
don't you just magic your way out of here?
Oh. I most certainly will.
As soon as I get my maro back.
those wretched watchman stole it from
me. but they will pay for their insolence!
Yeah. I'm gonna stop talking to you now.
Suit yourself. human.
You will never save your
brother until you accept the truth.
Calibor! Has anyone seen Calibor?
Oh. there you are.
Crushed it.
Crushed what?
Your list. I mean. not all
the items are found in the larder.
but I figured it out.
Mission accomplished.
Impressive. Hand it over.
Careful with the knife.
Sister Aronya showed
me how to use the grindstone.
I got it nice and sharp for you.
Well done. my
brave and worthy apprentice.
That was the mission.
Get you stuff to make a sandwich?
Do not disparage your own fine work.
This is an excellent meal.
Unreal.
I know.
Tyr-Valen bread is known
to be the softest in all the realm.
So. all you did was
give me pointless busy work?
Not at all.
There's a very
important lesson in here somewhere.
I just have to think of it.
So. basically. I was your personal door
dash while you were off prepping my quest.
It is not your quest.
Yeah. because you stole it from me.
Are all children from
your world raised to think
that everyone knows
you friendship and good will?
That the rest of us are here to coddle you
and make all your dreams come true.
I don't want to be coddled. I
just want you to treat me as an equal.
But you are not an equal.
And you never will be.
At least Cash had enough sense to realise
how burdensome he is to the mission.
Where is Cash?
Oh. he's a bard now.
He's a bard.
He refused to return
from Bleak Wallow with me.
And you just left him there?
Yes.
To improve our chances of success.
This quest isn't
about you three children.
It's quite literally about
saving the world.
Yeah. I know. But Zaya said that...
You will forgive me if I do not put my
trust in the fantasies of a
capricious seeress.
Honestly. meeting you three just proves
Zaya's predictions are mere delusion.
Cash is no warrior.
Oaklee is no sorceress.
And you are no legendary
thief nor a fearless leader.
You are all nothing more than spoiled
selfish children away on a holiday.
And I am not a ba...
... babysitter.
Am I saying that right?
You're fired.
Pardon?
You are officially
fired as my Jedi master.
If that means I am
no longer your mentor.
I should like to point
out I never was to begin with.
You know what? It's funny how you can just
sit there and call the three of us
selfish when all
you care about is yourself.
Enjoy the sandwich.
Okay. pal. You are free to go.
Alas. bring me my skull
and my vial of maro at once.
Not you. Fruit Loop. You.
Wretched round here. You shall rue the day
that you crossed paths with Goran.
I already do. See you never. hopefully.
Zaya will use and
betray you just as she did me.
Cash seriously
wants us to leave him behind.
Apparently. And for some
insane reason he's gone full bard.
Maybe I'm the reason.
He was just being such a big baby
when one thing wouldn't come easy to him.
You know. in school I
always thought he was
like this charm
dude with the perfect life.
But he is just as
lost and insecure as us.
When you say it like that. I feel bad.
Séideadh.
How does she do it
with just a single grain?
Um... what do you do exactly?
Well. if you ask Sister Brendowyn.
I'm wasting maro.
Séideadh.
Whoa. That's cool.
I mean. this is my last day
here and this is all I've learned.
Candle on. candle off.
Oh. that's all? Back home
you'd be like a huge celebrity.
Yeah. To nerds.
Lasadh.
So what do we do about Cash?
We go get him
before he gets himself killed.
The two of us?
Lasadh.
Seems like a job for Aurora and Kavan.
No. Cash needs his friends.
We're the only ones
that can get through to him.
It sounds like you just want to
prove a point to Calibor
and your draging me into it.
Yeah. of course. No one's gonna believe in
us unless we can do things on our own.
And why do I care
what people think of us?
Well. my brother always said that I
play my video games to escape real life.
Clearly.
No. I loved it. I mean.
I was able to pull off
legendary things no
one has ever done before.
Yeah. In a game.
Yeah. well. it's
time to level up in real life.
But I can't prove anything
unless I have my team. The three of us.
Fine.
Lead the way. fearless leader.
Séideadh.
You have to teach me how to do that.
You know. I should stay.
Like. do you have solitary confinement?
You got this.
I never thought I'd say this. but this
place is sketchier than my trailer park.
Do I really think
Cash is gonna be in there?
You held me down. but I got up
Already brushing off the dust
You hear my voice. you hear that sound
Like thunder. gonna shake the ground
You held me down. but I got up
Get ready 'cause I've had enough
I see it all. I see it now
He's actually good.
I got the eye of the tiger.
a fighter
Dancing through the fire
'cause I am a champion
And you're gonna hear me roar
Louder. louder than a lion
'cause I am the champion
And you're gonna hear me roar
Ooh. ooh
Thank you. citizens of Bleakwallow.
It's time for me to take five.
Don't worry. Don't worry. Up
next. I'll play my latest smash hit.
"Smells like Teen Spirit".
so stick around.
Dude. what are you doing?
What does it look like?
I'm living the dream. guys.
I'm a rock star.
I even got me some groupies.
Yo! Show them the thing.
Look. it's my number.
Yeah. quite an achievement.
Dude. we leave at dawn to
go on an actual dungeon crawl.
You're coming. We're not
taking no as an answer.
Uh. no.
Look. the whole point of
Flynn's nerdy treasure map is to get home.
You wanted out of
this world more than any of us.
I did. I did until I found this place.
So you're bailing on us?
No. I'm just sitting one out.
Just go do the thing.
Get Oleg's hat or
whatever. okay? Do all of the things.
And then circle back. and then
we'll go home together. We'll be fine.
So we do all the dangerous stuff.
and you live life as a rock star.
Exactly. Thank you.
It wasn't an offer.
Look. this is my one
chance to be something truly great.
I mean. these people love me.
They love my music.
It's not your music.
You're claiming you
wrote the best songs ever.
Do think Harry Styles
writes all of his own stuff?
Oh. you are no Harry Styles.
Don't get it twisted.
Look around.
Because here. I kind of am.
And you don't think this
is super selfish and delusional?
No. I think it's delusional to
think that I'm some mighty warrior.
Okay. you have Kavan. you have Calibor.
I'm nothing.
That's not true.
You're one of us. A team.
Are we? Am I?
Flynn. you found a treasure map.
This whole D&D. Tomb
Raider stuff is what you live for.
And Oaklee. the school of wizardry
instantly saw you have magical powers.
But me?
Honestly. I'm just a liability.
Look. I am no wizard. I can light a
candle and blow it out. That's about it.
And I spent the entire day on a
top secret mission to assemble a sandwich.
We are all in over our heads.
But we are in this together. That
is the only way we're gonna make it home.
Yeah. but then what?
Back to football. back to my dad's dream.
College scholarship. study business.
and then
work for him until
the company's mine one day.
That doesn't seem that bad.
But it's not my dream.
This here. look around. This is my dream.
And even if it's only
for a few days.
it's my one chance I get to be the
thing I want most in life.
I won't get that back home.
Don't deny me this.
Bard. time to go.
Go? I still have to
finish the set and sign autographs.
You're in danger. You go now.
More of your groupies?
Patrons of the Oxbow and Horn.
please remain where you are.
There is no cause for alarm.
I'm here on behalf of
your sovereign. Prince Vedric.
Mom. you haven't said
a word since you picked me up
last night. Which is way
worse than you yelling at me.
Can you please just yell at me?
Why hasn't he called?
Just to tell us he's okay.
He's okay. Mom. I know it.
Just... I feel like I
failed him. failed at being his mother.
Hey. don't say that.
You did an amazing job with us.
Did I? I just bailed my son out of jail.
Technically it was a
holding cell. But I get your point.
And you're the one I don't worry about.
I was just trying to
follow a lead about Flynn.
By breaking into an evidence room?
I know it sounds crazy. It is crazy.
I'm sorry. The
whole thing was really stupid.
I gotta go to work.
Please don't do anything else stupid.
It was not stupid. We
got exactly what we needed.
Hey. what are you doing here?
Coming in.
Well. now you can get out.
Because we're done. You set me up.
I did write that I was sorry.
You mean this note?
Sorry? You got me arrested.
I explored every possible
path to get exactly what we needed.
Using you as a
distraction was the only way.
Well. I probably have a criminal record
now. Did you see that in the future?
If I had told you the outcome.
you would have behaved differently.
It wouldn't have worked
and we wouldn't have the skull.
The what?
The Skull of Mardukh.
There's a literal.
like. human skull in that bag?
Well. this just keeps
getting better and better.
It does. thankfully.
Not better. That was sarcasm.
And I met your friend. by the way. Goran?
He told me all about you when we
were doing time together in the joint.
He said you lie to get what you want.
I didn't lie to you. Darryl.
I told you. follow my
instructions and that
will lead to finding your brother.
So where is he. then?
What is that?
Is it... your ear?
Like...
your actual ear?
I told you. Darryl.
I'm not from here.
So what are you. then?
Why? Goodness. it's
been some nerdy. larping thing.
You can trust me. Darryl.
We're one step closer.
Flynn. Oaklee and Cash.
and my world's greatest hope.
my world and yours.
this skull is our
best chance of helping them.
For those who don't know me by face.
you've certainly heard
the name Arkaan Dunn.
I seek a young fugitive in your midst.
wanted by the Ishi Crown...
Once my men and I have him in custody.
we'll leave you all in peace.
This bard is an outlander.
How did they find me?
You haven’t exactly been
keeping a low profile.
Okay. what do we do?
I don't know. I told
you we should brought Kavan.
Harboring this fugitive or his comrades.
well...
that would be treason.
You two hide. They only want me.
No. the buddy system. We stick together.
Come now. bard.
My men have you surrounded.
No blood will be spilled if
you surrender yourself willingly.
Cash. no. please.
Here.
I'm here.
There's a good lad.
Now come with me so we can let these good
people get back to their drinking.
Think again. These are my people.
You're in my town now.
Citizens of Bleakwallow.
fans of the great bard Cash Bonjovi.
Rise and fight alongside me.
Come on. fishwife. Mutton chops.
Really? Not even you. 27?
Wait. wait. wait. Before we
take another step. you should know
that not only am I the
greatest bard this side of the universe.
I'm also a deadly warrior
trained by a cursed barbarian.
It's not working. buddy.
Okay. fine. I may not be a
legendary bard or a great warrior.
But ya wanna know
what I really am?
I'm a total baller.
Get them.
Guys. get down.
A lazer whip?
So not fair.
Seriously?
What do I do?
Enough.
You and the lass are coming with me.
or your friend here has met his end.
He's out of time.
and so are you. wayfinders.
You may be the big man
on campus around here. Arkaan Dunn.
Where I'm from is
a place called Fairview.
and they still talk
about the home of that Cash Calloway
nailed off the star pitcher
that killed his offer from the Razorbacks.
What?
Batter up.
Get him.
Whoa!
Go! Go! Go! Go!
Ooo!
Cash BonJovi!
Where are the others?
Sleeping late. no doubt.
Hence the wonderful silence.
The Wayfinders!
They're gone!
Both of them?
Both.
There's three of them.
Fools.
What have you done?
It is not my fault.
Your so-called wayfinders are
petulant children
who make their own decisions.
It is astounding.
At times. your willful stupidity.
This isn't their world. Callibor.
They need our help.
We have to go find them.
Kavan will stop at nothing. not until...
Let's go!
Time to bounce!
We gotta go!
I'll do it to explain later.
...they're after us.
Hurry! Let's go!
We need to go now!
Move. move. let's move!
Oh. if you must
leave now. then take this.
But you said I had to earn my spell book.
I'm making an exception.
Because you are exceptional. Oaklee.
Your necklace.
I can't.
You'll have need of it more than we will.
Okay.
I'm not so great at moments like these.
You are better than you think.
In everything you do.
Gotta go. Oaks.
...who defeated Arkaan Dunn!
Kavan knew all
along Cash was tricking him.
No one could be that useless.
It was a good joke.
Nah. bruh.
I still got no sword game.
That was like 100% baseball skills.
You must teach Kavan this baseball.
Dude. don't downplay it.
You were a rock star.
The mighty Cash Bon Jovi.
Your fans actually fought for you. bro.
Yeah. I mean. those
groupies can really take a punch.
A victory. yes. but
we are still in grave danger.
If Arkaan Dunn tracked us
to the sanctuary.
Vedric will send others.
Take the win. princess.
I just mean to say that we should
be cautious crossing the Northern Kingdom.
But I'm glad you are back. Cash.
of the Wayfinders.
No doubt you are
brilliant as a bard and a warrior.
I look forward to hearing you sing.
Bard.
Isn't that like some super
powerful Dungeons & Dragons thing?
Well. it's in D&D.
Bards are not powerful.
Such a noob. dude.
Okay.
Noob. Kavan likes this word.
Was it not Cash Bon Jovi. the bard who got
us into this mess in the first place?
Way to kill the mood. Cali-bro.
Good news.
Sheriff says we can't hold
you any longer without charging you.
One sword with scabbard.
One helmet. black.
One pair of
vintage fighter pilot goggles.
A pair of woven fingerless gloves.
And one vial of unknown
substance tested and not a known narcotic.
so congratulations on that.
Alright. that's all she wrote.
Sign there.
Where's my skull?
Your what?
The Skull of a Mardukh you halfwit.
One of your henchmen took it from me.
Return it to me this instant.
Well. it's not in the box.
Where's Flynn with the firewood?
Hey. Calibor. should I take first watch?
I'll stand watch.
Just so we all survive until morning.
Fair enough.
Flynn. a moment.
What now?
You want to send
me to go get some s'mores?
That was some reckless behavior going into
Bleakwallow after your friends.
You risked everything.
Legitimately.
Thanks for the pearl of wisdom.
The last time I checked.
you're still fired.
What's this?
Anyone can learn to
pick a lock or a pocket.
Reckless behavior.
And the willingness to
risk it all for one's friends.
Only the greatest
thieves have those qualities.
I wasn't expecting that from you.
Wood is too wet. Flynn.
Well. sorry.
Won't flame.
I got this. Kavan.
Lasadh.
So I'm about as
useful as a pack of matches.
Watch Online Movies and Series for FREE
www.osdb.link/lm